The Genalyze log analyzer, a simple yet highly extensible framework for 
parsing log files, was designed for parsing T-Server log files generated by 
Genesys contact center software platform, yet is generic and easy enough to 
adapt for other log formats.

Currently supports java 1.6.0_11.

See Eclipse.txt for information on setting up the project in Eclipse.

iosdevx@gmail.com


ChangeLog
=========

27 March 2016
  - Migrated from SourceForge (https://sourceforge.net/projects/genalyze/), 
      no code changes.

16 April 2009
  - Removed Debug option from gui.properties, combined
      into single Debug option in genalyze.properties.
  - Reduce UI memory footprint.
  - Added log4j support.
  - Updated build.xml.
  
03 April 2009
  - Fixed issue with emptying buffer in GenesysLog.java. An
      off-by-one error was causing a single character to be left
      over after deleting the remaining contents of buffer.
  - Added support for the following message events:
      CallInfoChanged.
  - Added support for the following message requests:
      SetCallInfo.
  - Added support for the following attributes: NewConnID,
      SetOperation.
  - In GenesysLog and GenericLog, replaced StringBuffer with
      StringBuilder.
  - Other minor refactoring.

31 January 2009
	- Version 0.3.1 released.
	- Closed 2554239: Out of memory. Replaced StringBuffer 
		with StringBuilder. Previously, code was creating a new
		StringBuffer object for each line of input. Refactored
		to use a single StringBuilder object.
	- Moved createAttribute to factory, missed in 0.3.0.
	- Added additional debug support.

26 January 2009
	- Version 0.3.0 released.
	- Added method (showException) to Genesys interface to display 
		exceptions and errors in the currently active GUI via ExBox. 
		Previously, any exception thrown in the GUI would result in 
		application ending for no apparent reason. Currently, only 
		createMessage is taking advantage of this new functionality 
		with rest of app to follow over future mods.
	- Closed 2487117: Genalyze was using a new message as a marker 
		for the end of the prior message. The simpler, more correct 
		way is to treat the first empty line or first line with a 
		non-whitespace character in position 0 as the EOM.
	- Simplified start of message check.
	- Added support for the following attributes: CallInfoType, 
		ServerStartTime.
	- Added support for the following message events: PartyInfo, 
		QueryCall. 
	- Updated exception reporting.
	- Created factory class for message and attribute creation, moving 
		createMessage() and createAttribute() methods from 
		AbstractMessage and AbstractAttribute classes, respectively, 
		to the new factory class.
	
31 December 2008
	- Version 0.2.0 released.
	- Added support for the following attributes: CallUUID, Cause, 
		EventSequenceNumber, NetworkCallID, Reliability, 
		ThirdPartyQueue, and Timeout. 
	- Added support for the following message event: Reserved_2.
	- Closed 2476587: Added new state TServerPostHeaderState. Ignore 
		attributes and subattributes at the start of the first scanned file 
		to prevent triggering of a false positive on isAttribute() and 
		isSubattribute() in TServerMessageState. 
  
04 February 2007
	- Version 0.1.0 released.
	- Initial import into CVS.
	
03 October 2006
	- SourceForge project creation.
	
28 September 2006
	- Project started.
